hi so there's this Mother's Day action
thriller starring Gabriel Union who I'm
nominating as hottest mom of the year
and she pretty much has to break into
her own house to save her kids from a
couple of hooligans
I love the premise but this thing is one
of the goofiest streamis I can give to a
Mother's Day film let me explain
so we started off on move-in day since
Gabriel's dad has died and the dude
pretty much got his reparations and he
owns the entire freaking plantation my
mans living in the Disney Channel
original movie smart house which
obviously means that people are gonna
want to rob him since he's rich
there's Bella's dad from Twilight who's
leading this pack of Thieves
he's got one of the members of thirty
Seconds to Mars this East LA homey who
for whatever reason is speaking and a
cowboy accents pretty much these dudes
are the dumbest people you can find
because they want to rob this house
because they heard a rumor there's a
safe they don't know where the safe is
or how to deal with a mother of two I
mean at no point did they say that this
lady was taking Taekwondo classes or
that she had
I don't know binge the raid series so
she knew how to imitate those moves
but she's just pounding on these dudes
this lady's bouncing off the walls
there's a scene where she's hanging off
of a corner like Batman and freaking
Batman V Superman there's points where
she doesn't even need to do these crazy
things she could just you know do a wall
sit in a corner and they won't see her
but there are moments which she's even
just trying to intimidate them where she
just like stares at them and says bring
it on with a stare is it dope to see a
mother get that extra parental strength
and become pretty much a superhero to
save her kids of course I mean I don't
know about having the dad get beat up by
somebody else who weighs like half of
his protein shake but yeah she
definitely and literally brought down
the house on these dudes I will say
though mothers do deserve a better
script because there are moments where
the main bad dude is like using a motion
detector to locate where the mom is
inside of the house and she's like
Dennis the Menace in it with this drone
but like the map that we're looking at
literally shows one died in the house
they're like we're all aware that the
kids are also moving and there's the
other two goons and there's also the guy
who's moving around the house with the
detector there's just a couple of little
things like that that I think kind of
add up but by the end of it they're all
dead anyway
right the mom saves the day and we
learned that if you ever get locked out
of your house just call your momma
she'll break in for you thank you guys
for checking out this video a quick one
for
movie that came out I don't know how
long it'll last out in theaters but if
you checked it out or if you want to
take a moment ago so you definitely go
see it I would recommend totally I did a
video on that that's the one Mother's
Day movie even though it's past your mom
is still important so I gotta go see
that one cuz I was pretty good this one
had a lot of goofy moments especially it
took like five minutes to realize the
whole movie is sponsored by Life storage
for whatever reason there's life storage
like boxes and mugs and I don't know a
bunch of stuff that's in there other
than that luminary thoughts on this
movie or any others down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and I'll send your
mama
letter for next year